Wait time was a little long but I understand why. The service is fast and professional. The food was great, and the vibe was perfect.
Super delicious for a great price! We ordered the as you wish menu and were served amazingly delicious sushi
The Nozawa trust me was perfection as always. Rice was warm and the fish was so fresh. Added the toro sampler platter as our special treat (it's the best thing on the menu and melts in your mouth.
One of the highlights is the warm rice, perfectly seasoned and served at optimal temperature to complement the delicate flavors of the fish. The progression of courses is well-paced, allowing guests to savor each bite and appreciate the nuances of every dish.
The food and service is always amazing here. This place is my number one choice every time I'm in the mood for sushi and always the top pick when entertaining guests from out of town. Recommend this spot 10/10
It's always such a treat at sugarfish. The service is attentive and great. The courses are delicious. And you can't beat the price for an omakase style course. Every plate is delicious.
The only sushi/japanese food I would EVER order to go! I absolutely love sugarfish and their box sets, the quality of ingredients is always great and consistent, and the price is very fair.
First time at sugar fish and the food was amazing. Service was exceptional! Aidan was very attentive, knowledgeable of the menu, and really made the experience great. I will definitely be back!
The best sushi hands down! I love this place so much. It's so beautiful inside and the service is excellent!
Management accommodated my request. Consistent with service and quality of sushi.
The service and food didn't meet the standard of other Sugarfish locations I've visited. It was extremely disappointing, and I believe management needs better training to provide customers with the quality service they deserve.
Expensive and tasty, but the service is a big, fat minus of this establishment.
The quality of service and food is no where near the price.
The ability to manage a waitlist at these restaurants is bar none: rated a fail.
Sushi was medium good,service was abominable
Old sushi. Don't order from here. My sushi came spoiled. And very sme. The Worse sushi I've ever ordered
Came here to have a quick lunch and definitely felt like my presence was unwanted. I will never dine here again. The server gave me my check quicker than she took my order. The restaurant definitely was not busy, but it seems that I was very unseen.
Seems i got overcharge pretty good amount. I compared it to same order in other locations I was within week difference the second place in Pasadena was like 50$ cheaper
Service slow. Food not that good. Will not be going back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Long wait time and the food was mediocre.
I rated sugar fish 5 out of 5 because it is an amazing experience staff are so nice, and food is delicious, definitely recommend even for the whole family!
Really disappointing and Nozawa should be embarrassed. The fish wasn’t fresh, edamame was cold & soggy, the service was shockingly bad and there is no red wine on the menu. Ive had better sushi in Omaha and my suggestion; skip this place.
The food was pretty good but the service wasn’t up to par with the price you pay.
Was great! They have an amazing lunch deal and the food came quickly and was fresh. Would highly recommend this place!
I had to see what the hype was about. The presentation is just so lovely. And the sushi was just so yummy.
This is my favourite sushi chain here in LA. The fish is amazing and the warm rice just melts in your mouth. I have had only great experiences with them. Love you SUGARFISH!
The food is amazingly fresh and delicious. Every dish that came to the table was SO fresh and excellent.
I commend my Los Angeles friends for being able to tolerate substandard service and mediocre food. But I would never recommend this place. Clearly, they view the single eater as not a good enough revenue source to treat with courtesy.
We really loved the tuna and the salmon. Best we have had. Everything else was good, high quality. We didn’t love the hand rolls. The service was good.
The albacore belly was to die for. The other sushi was Equally extraordinary. Can’t recommend it enough!!!